docs/portfolio.rst, before:

:orphan:

Portfolio
=========


As an Engineer
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I am an active member of many of the open source communities within the scientific
Python ecosystem. A few of the projects I have contributed to include:

.. Figure:: https://mne.tools/stable/_images/mne_logo.svg
    :target: https://mne.tools/stable/index.html
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the MNE-Python logo

    `MNE-Python <https://mne.tools/stable/index.html>`_

.. Figure:: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/de/BIDS_Logo.png/800px-BIDS_Logo.png
    :target: https://bids.neuroimaging.io/
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the Brain Imaging Data Structure logo

    `BIDS <https://bids.neuroimaging.io/>`_
    
.. Figure:: https://docs.xarray.dev/en/v2023.03.0/_static/dataset-diagram-logo.png
    :target: https://xarray.pydata.org/en/stable/
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the Xarray logo

    `Xarray <https://xarray.pydata.org/en/stable/>`_

.. Figure:: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/08/GSoC_logo.svg/1200px-GSoC_logo.svg.png
    :target: https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2023/projects/nUP0jGKi
    :align: left
    :width: 40%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the Google Summer of Code logo

    `Google Summer of Code <https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2023/projects/nUP0jGKi/>`_

As a Scientist
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I have authored or co-authored 16 peer-reviewed publications that have been cited
hundreds of times. My work has been featured in journals such as *NeuroImage* 
and *Journal of Neuroscience*. Some of my most proud work includes:

.. Figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scott-huberty/wip_pipeline-figures/main/dashboard.png
    :target: https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.01.12.575323v1.full.pdf
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the PyLossless EEG Processing pipeline user dashboard

    `PyLossless: An EEG processing software suite <https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.01.12.575323v1.full.pdf>`_

.. Figure:: https://eoglearn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_images/sphx_glr_plot_model_003.png
    :target: https://eoglearn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the EOGLearn deep learning model

    `Eye Tracking and Deep learning for accurate EOG correction <https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.05.24.595839v1.full.pdf>`_

Commit message:

Add dashboard to gallery. Some fixes

docs/portfolio.rst, after:

:orphan:

Portfolio
=========

As an Engineer
--------------

Open-Source Community
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I am an active member of many of the open source communities within the scientific
Python ecosystem. A few of the projects I have contributed to include:

.. Figure:: https://mne.tools/stable/_images/mne_logo.svg
    :target: https://mne.tools/stable/index.html
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the MNE-Python logo

    `MNE-Python <https://mne.tools/stable/index.html>`_

.. Figure:: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/de/BIDS_Logo.png/800px-BIDS_Logo.png
    :target: https://bids.neuroimaging.io/
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the Brain Imaging Data Structure logo

    `BIDS <https://bids.neuroimaging.io/>`_
    
.. Figure:: https://docs.xarray.dev/en/v2023.03.0/_static/dataset-diagram-logo.png
    :target: https://xarray.pydata.org/en/stable/
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the Xarray logo

    `Xarray <https://xarray.pydata.org/en/stable/>`_

.. Figure:: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/08/GSoC_logo.svg/1200px-GSoC_logo.svg.png
    :target: https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2023/projects/nUP0jGKi
    :align: left
    :width: 40%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the Google Summer of Code logo

    `Google Summer of Code <https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2023/projects/nUP0jGKi/>`_


Dashboards
^^^^^^^^^^

.. Figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scott-huberty/Sealab-MRI-Tracking/refs/heads/main/_images/mri_dashboard.png?token=GHSAT0AAAAAACO2KMSZAUBYMOPSGMNH6Z62Z5T4MPQ
    :target: http://sealab-mri-tracking-ece9c5a8c812.herokuapp.com/
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of a dashboard to track data acquisition and processing progress that I made for my lab's MRI studies.


As a Scientist
--------------

I have authored or co-authored 16 peer-reviewed publications that have been cited
hundreds of times. My work has been featured in journals such as *NeuroImage* 
and *Journal of Neuroscience*. Some of my most proud work includes:

.. Figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scott-huberty/wip_pipeline-figures/main/dashboard.png
    :target: https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.01.12.575323v1.full.pdf
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the PyLossless EEG Processing pipeline user dashboard

    `PyLossless: An EEG processing software suite <https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.01.12.575323v1.full.pdf>`_

.. Figure:: https://eoglearn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_images/sphx_glr_plot_model_003.png
    :target: https://eoglearn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
    :align: left
    :width: 50%
    :alt: A screenshot of the the EOGLearn deep learning model

    `Eye Tracking and Deep learning for accurate EOG correction <https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.05.24.595839v1.full.pdf>`_
